bugfix: always apply transformations on booleans (#2920)
newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent: CHANGELOG.md

## dev

> Version <dev> updates View Componment instrumentation to use a default metric name when one is unavailable, adds a configuration option to associate the AWS account ID with the DynamoDB calls from the AWS SDK, resolves a bug in rdkafka instrumentation when using the karafka-rdkafka gem, resolves a bug in the ruby-kafka instrumentation, fixes a bug with Grape instrumentation, and addresses a bug preventing Ruby based AWS Lambda layer contexts from working properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version <dev> updates View Componment instrumentation to use a default metric name when one is unavailable, adds a configuration option to associate the AWS account ID with the DynamoDB calls from the AWS SDK, resolves a bug in rdkafka instrumentation when using the karafka-rdkafka gem, resolves a bug in the ruby-kafka instrumentation, fixes a bug with Grape instrumentation, and addresses a bug preventing the agent from installing in an AWS Lambda layer.
```

Author: @kaylareopelle with v9.14.0 the agent is installed and just doesn't realize it's meant to be operating in serverless mode. So I've been trying to go with "operating", "functioning", etc. type phrasing. Any ideas for improving the summary text based on that clarification?

Reviewer: Ah, thanks for clarifying! Maybe "preventing the agent from running in serverless mode in an AWS Lambda layer"? (could also use operating or functioning... I like that operating is used in the description below)

Author: Cool. Co-authored [8a8bd45](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2920/commits/8a8bd454cfb135f5cd8546d215aee58ce1f3482a).

- **Bugfix: Stop calling deprecated all_specs method to check for the presence of newrelic-grape**

>   In 9.14.0, we released a fix for calls to the deprecated `Bundler.rubygems.all_specs`, but the fix fell short for the agent's Grape instrumentation and deprecation warnings could still be raised. The condition has been simplified and deprecation warnings should no longer be raised. Thank you, [@excelsior](https://github.com/excelsior) for bringing this to our attention. [Issue#2885](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/issues/2885) [PR#2906](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2906)

Reviewer: thank you!

- **Bugfix: Instrumentation errors when using the ruby-kafka gem**

  Kafka::Consumer#each_message takes keyword arguments, while the prepended method is defined with a single splat positional argument. In Ruby >= 3.0, this signature mismatch raises an ArgumentError. Thank you [@patrickarnett](https://github.com/patrickarnett) for providing this bugfix. [PR#2915](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2915)

> - **Bugfix: Restore AWS Lambda layer based operational functionality**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Bugfix: Restore AWS Lambda layer operational functionality**
```

>   Version 9.14.0 of the agent introduced an optimization related to how the agent handles boolean based configuration parameters which inadvertently caused the agent to stop operating properly in an AWS Lambda layer context. [Issue#2919](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/issues/2919)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Version 9.14.0 of the agent introduced an optimization related to how the agent handles boolean configuration parameters which inadvertently caused the agent to stop operating properly in an AWS Lambda layer context. [Issue#2919](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/issues/2919)[PR#2920](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2920)
```
